What should I do in the snow?
When I was throwing the snow, it was getting higher and higher.
When I was trying to get out of the snow, I saw two bamboo shoots.
I see.
I was so worried that I just cried and saw the bamboo shoots.
There is no such thing as a bamboo shoot's daily life.
No, even if you get a bamboo shoot in the middle of the snow,
it depends on the parents' goodwill.
You feel it again.
You feel it when the weather is dangerous. It's not fair.
I see.
There is another one.
There is a man called Kakkyo in the house.
He has a lot of parents and a lot of children.
He is a poor man.
What is a poor man?
A poor man is a poor man.
Or a rich man is a rich man.
He is not a cicada.
What?
He can't do enough when he has children.
He went to the mountains with his children to see their parents.
He did something pitiful.
I'm impressed that you understand that he is pitiful.
You have to bury the bamboo shoot.
There is nothing to be happy about.
You have to put the water in the bamboo shoot and break the water.
You have to put the water in the bamboo shoot and shake it.
You have to mix it.
There is something that hits the tip of the bamboo shoot.
When you dig it, you see a gold pit.
It's a big problem.
You're starting to get a pit.
What?
How many times do you want to do this?
It's not a pit that looks like a gold lump.
The gold is a big problem.
It's a big problem.
You're starting to get a pit again.
What?
He is a poor man.
He has been living with his children for four years.
His father is sleeping.
He has a fever because of the summer.
He can't buy a house.
He is drinking alcohol from the nearby bar.
He is a poor man.
He is wearing his own clothes.
He is wearing his father's clothes.
He is drinking alcohol from the nearby bar.
What are you doing?
He likes to drink.
He is doing what he wants.
He is drinking.
If he is drinking, he can't drink.
He is sitting on the pillow.
He is drinking.
He is crying.
He doesn't drink because of the day,
but if he does,
it means one day he drinks.
He drinks at night unless he is situation delicate to the state's good.
That's Bnowha's specialty.
He drinks and drinks alonejun instead of throwing the bottle.
I thought he would be throw the bottle.
You did throw the bottle.
Yes.
I was afraid he would throw the bottle.
He doesn't drink much at night and he spots his fault and Get unnecessary trouble.
You're not used to the country, are you?
What are you talking about?
But you shouldn't drink alcohol.
If you die, you'll have to go up two floors and drink alcohol on the second floor.
What will you do if you drink alcohol on the second floor?
You'll have to go up two floors to drink alcohol.
You'll have to go up to the top and drink the first floor.